Okay, so let's answer these questions.
Given that the training data is simulating an AND operation,
do you think these values make sense,
and I think it does.
So do you think feature zero and one are equally
important or is one more important than the other?
So conceptually, both of these features should be equally
important and we see that in the calculation of the Shapley values.
Also, does the feature importance of feature two also make sense?
So it does make sense because feature two
is not helping the model to make its prediction,
and its feature importance is calculated to be zero.
So now, the question is how does this compare to
the feature importance that's built into scikit-learn?
Now, if we go back to the previous notebook, sklearn_feature_importance,
let's open that up, and we check out what the built-in feature importance calculates.
Remember, for one of the features,
it give it twice as much importance as the other feature.
So if we were to compare these two methods,
the one that's built into scikit-learn and this one that we're introducing here,
it seems like this one is more consistent with what we expect,
and just one final note,
this method is general enough that it works for
any model and not just for tree-based models.
Now, there's an optimized way to calculate
the Shapley values when the complex model being explained is a tree-based model.
So we're going to look at that next.